README.md, before:

# readme-generator-project

  ## Table of contents
  1. [Description](#description)
  2. [Installation](#installation)
  3. [Usage](#usage)
  4. [Contributing](#contributing)
  5. [Tests](#tests)
  6. [License](#license)
  7. [Questions](#questions)
  8. [Visuals](#visuals)

  ## Description
  ![License: The Unlicense](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Unlicense-success.svg)<br />
  This is a node js script that generates a README file for a user. It accomplishes this through a series of prompts using inquirer and the command prompt.
  ## Installation
  Navigate to the index.js and run npm init, then run npm install inquerer@8.2.4.
  ## Usage
  Navigate to the directory containing index.js and run node.js
  ## Contributing
  To contribute to this project, contact me at the links in the questions section
  ## Tests
  No tests were performed
  ## License
  This project is under the The Unlicense license. More information is available at this link: [here](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/unlicense/)
  ## Questions
  Direct any questions to my GItHub account [https://GitHub.com/Bbelk](https://GitHub.com/Bbelk) or to the email belkbh@gmail.com. Thank you.
  ## Visuals
 [Link to video](https://github.com/BBelk/readme-generator-project/blob/main/images/readmeGeneratorVideo.webm)
 ![Alt text](https://github.com/BBelk/readme-generator-project/blob/main/images/readme-generator-project-image.png "README Screenshot")

Commit message:

Added screencastify link to video, google drive wasnt working

README.md, after:

# readme-generator-project

  ## Table of contents
  1. [Description](#description)
  2. [Installation](#installation)
  3. [Usage](#usage)
  4. [Contributing](#contributing)
  5. [Tests](#tests)
  6. [License](#license)
  7. [Questions](#questions)
  8. [Visuals](#visuals)

  ## Description
  ![License: The Unlicense](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Unlicense-success.svg)<br />
  This is a node js script that generates a README file for a user. It accomplishes this through a series of prompts using inquirer and the command prompt.
  ## Installation
  Navigate to the index.js and run npm init, then run npm install inquirer@8.2.4.
  ## Usage
  Navigate to the directory containing index.js and run node.js
  ## Contributing
  To contribute to this project, contact me at the links in the questions section
  ## Tests
  No tests were performed
  ## License
  This project is under the The Unlicense license. More information is available at this link: [here](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/unlicense/)
  ## Questions
  Direct any questions to my GitHub account [https://GitHub.com/Bbelk](https://GitHub.com/Bbelk) or to the email belkbh@gmail.com. Thank you.
  ## Visuals
[Link to screencastify video (google drive wasn't working for me)](https://watch.screencastify.com/v/qwDYkd8w2VWUjei80UV8)

 [Link to video in project files](https://github.com/BBelk/readme-generator-project/blob/main/images/readmeGeneratorVideo.webm)
 
 ![Alt text](https://github.com/BBelk/readme-generator-project/blob/main/images/readme-generator-project-image.png "README Screenshot")
